# Files description

## Users.csv
(1) In the Users.csv file, we have not scrambled the data order of agent bots and real human accounts, so the first `1,907` accounts in the file are human accounts, and the last `1,000` accounts are bot accounts.

(2) The content of the file is the personal configuration file of the account. We removed the configuration information that would affect the construction of this simulation ecosystem, such as `created_utc`, `comment_karma`, `link_karma`, etc., because the `created_utc` of the agent bot is unified in the simulation. `comment_karma`, `link_karma` cannot be simulated. Note that these fields are all account configuration information that can be obtained through the API, for more details on them, see [PRAW](https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), a library of tools for crawling Reddit data.

(3) The meaning of each column:

`user_id`: Unique identification of the user. The human user_id comes from the API, and the bot user_id is randomly generated.

`name`: User name. The human user name comes from the API, and the bot user name is generated by calling GPT4o-mini in imitation of the human user name.

`description`: User profile. The human description lies in the API, and the bot description is generated through its user role, which is set in the "Pre-Prepared Data" chapter of this paper.

`submission_num`: The number of human accounts' submissions in the simulation ecosystem with a timeline of one year (between June 20, 2023, and June 19, 2024). The number of agent bot accounts is generated in proportion to the number of human submissions.

`comment_num`: The number of comments is the same as the number of submissions.

`character_setting`: Only bot accounts contain this information, which cannot be used to classify human and bot users. The role setting of the bot account is set for the bot user to set the target task, which topics the user mainly posts false information. around.

`comment_num_1`: The number of first-order comments.

`comment_num_2`: The number of second-order comments.

`subreddit`: A community where users participate in discussions. The community of human accounts is counted based on their actual participations. The bot account community is designed by LLM based on user roles and human account community statistics.

## user_post_comment.json

**Data format:**

posts parameters:

`score`:The number of upvotes for the submission.

`upvote_ratio`: The percentage of upvotes from all votes on the submission.

`created_utc`: Time the submission was created.

comment parameters:

`comment_score`: The number of upvotes for the comment.

`link_id`: The submission ID that the comment belongs to.

`parent_id`: The ID of the parent comment (prefixed with t1_). If it is a top-level comment, this returns the submission ID instead (prefixed with t3_).

`level`: Level one or level two comments.

```json
{
    "tqjwp9hc": {
        "posts": [
            {
                "submission_id": "14n9gf7",
                "author_name": "TVRamosAlves",
                "posts": "Jair Bolsonaro banned from holding office in Brazil for 8 years",
                "score": 84,
                "num_comments": 2,
                "upvote_ratio": 0.98,
                "created_utc": "2023-07-01 03:19:08",
                "subreddit": "GlobalTalk"
            }
            ...
        ]
        "comment_1": [
            {
                "comment_id": "l7ob4pf",
                "comment_author_name": "TVRamosAlves",
                "comment_score": 1,
                "comment_body": "Brazilian...",
                "link_id": "t3_1db3bfm",
                "parent_id": "t3_1db3bfm",
                "subreddit": "GlobalTalk",
                "created_utc": "2024-06-08 21:46:05",
                "level": 1.0
            }
            ...
        ]
        "comment_2": [...]
    }
}